Docs: removing and reordering more guides (#110130)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/fundamentals/getting-started/_index.md

---
aliases:

>   - ../../guides/what-is-grafana/ # /docs/latest/guides/what-is-grafana
>   - ../../getting-started/ # /docs/latest/getting-started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ../guides/what-is-grafana/ # /docs/grafana/latest/guides/what-is-grafana/
  - ../getting-started/ # /docs/grafana/latest/getting-started/
```

description: Learn how build your first dashboard after you have installed Grafana.
labels:
  products:
    - enterprise
    - oss
title: Get started with Grafana Open Source
weight: 1000
---

# Get started with Grafana Open Source

Grafana helps you collect, correlate, and visualize data with beautiful dashboards — the open source data visualization and monitoring solution that drives informed decisions, enhances system performance, and streamlines troubleshooting.

> This section provides guidance to our open source community about how to build your first dashboard after you have installed Grafana. It also provides step-by-step instructions on how to add a Prometheus, InfluxDB, or an MS SQL Server data source. If you are connecting a different data source, please refer to our complete list of supported [Data sources](../../datasources/_index.md#built-in-core-data-sources). If you would like to learn how to get started with Grafana Cloud, our fully managed observability stack, visit the [Grafana Cloud documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/quickstart/) for more information.

Reviewer: This link doesn't look right

```suggestion
This section provides guidance to our open source community about how to build your first dashboard after you have installed Grafana. It also provides step-by-step instructions on how to add a Prometheus, InfluxDB, or an MS SQL Server data source. If you are connecting a different data source, please refer to our complete list of supported [Data sources](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/#built-in-core-data-sources). If you would like to learn how to get started with Grafana Cloud, our fully managed observability stack, visit the [Grafana Cloud documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/quickstart/) for more information.
```
